add some missing rocksdb options (#13582)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Default value for `defaultcf`: `true`
+ Default value for `writecf` and `lockcf`: `false`

> ### `optimize-filters-for-memory`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `optimize-filters-for-memory` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>
```

> ### `optimize-filters-for-memory` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>
> 
> + Option to generate Bloom/Ribbon filters that minimize memory internal fragmentation.
> + Only effective for `format-version` >= 5.
> + Default value: `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `optimize-filters-for-memory` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>

+ Determines whether to generate Bloom/Ribbon filters that minimize memory internal fragmentation.
+ Note that this is only effective when [`format-version`](#format-version-new-in-v630) >= 5.
+ Default value: `false`
```

> + Note that this is only effective when [`format-version`](#format-version-new-in-v620) >= 5.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Note that this parameter item takes effect only when [`format-version`](#format-version-new-in-v620) >= 5.
```

+ Determines whether each block creates a bloom filter
+ Default value: `false`

> ### `ribbon-filter-above-level`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `ribbon-filter-above-level` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>
```

> + Use Ribbon filter for levels higher or equal to this value. Use non-block-based bloom filter for lower levels. When this is set, `block-based-bloom-filter` will be ignored.
> + Only effective for `format-version` >= 5.
> + Default value: `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Determins whether to use Ribbon filter for levels greater than or equal to this value. Use non-block-based bloom filter for lower levels. When this is set, [`block-based-bloom-filter`](#block-based-bloom-filter) will be ignored.
+ Note that this is only effective when [`format-version`](#format-version-new-in-v630) >= 5.
+ Default value: `false`
```

> + Determines whether to use Ribbon filter for levels greater than or equal to this value and use non-block-based bloom filter for levels less than this value. When this is set, [`block-based-bloom-filter`](#block-based-bloom-filter) will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Determines whether to use Ribbon filters for levels greater than or equal to this value and use non-block-based bloom filters for levels less than this value. When this configuration item is set, [`block-based-bloom-filter`](#block-based-bloom-filter) will be ignored.
```

> + Note that this is only effective when [`format-version`](#format-version-new-in-v620) >= 5.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Note that this configuration item takes effect only when [`format-version`](#format-version-new-in-v620) >= 5.
```

+ Default value: `"128MB"`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

> ### `format-version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `format-version` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.5.0</span>
```

Please update the release-6.5.0.md:
https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/1db43f06719ac567cd848e2e8f8d7616c8a90a38/releases/release-6.5.0.md?plain=1#L340-L348

Author: There're plenty of new configurations before 7.1 that are not documented. Let's stick to the 7.1 issues for now.

> ### `format-version` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.3.0</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `format-version` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.2.0</span>
```
Keep it consistent with [releases/release-6.2.0.md](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/13582/files#diff-d29bf2d43d9f4861e58933e6deea892bc12416c947be01e43ed742443c64f396R286)

+ The format version of SST files. This configuration item only affects newly written tables. For existing tables, the version information is read from the footer.
+ Optional values:
    - `0`: Can be read by all TiKV versions. The default checksum type is CRC32 and this version does not support changing the checksum type.
    - `1`: Can be read by all TiKV versions. Supports non-default checksum types like xxHash. RocksDB only writes data when the checksum type is not CRC32. (version `0` is automatically upgraded)
    - `2`: Can be read by all TiKV versions. Changes the encoding of compressed blocks using LZ4, BZip2 and Zlib compression.
    - `3`: Can be read by TiKV v2.1 and later versions. Changes the encoding of the keys in index blocks.
    - `4`: Can be read by TiKV v3.0 and later versions. Changes the encoding of the values in index blocks.

>     - `5`: Can be read by TiKV v6.1 and later versions. Full and partitioned filters use a generally faster and more accurate Bloom filter implementation with a different schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `5`: Can be read by TiKV v6.1 and later versions. Full and partitioned filters use a faster and more accurate Bloom filter implementation with a different schema.
```

> + The format version of SST files. This option only affects newly written tables. When reading existing tables, the information about version is read from the footer.
> + Optional values:
>     - `0`: This version can be read by all TiKV releases. Doesn't support changing checksum type (default is CRC32).
>     - `1`:  Can be read by all TiKV releases. Supports non-default checksum, like xxHash. It is written by RocksDB when BlockBasedTableOptions::checksum is something other than kCRC32c. (version 0 is silently upconverted)
>     - `2`: Can be read by all TiKV releases. Changes the way we encode compressed blocks with LZ4, BZip2 and Zlib compression.
>     - `3`: Can be read by TiKV's versions since 2.1. Changes the way we encode the keys in index blocks.
>     - `4`: Can be read by TiKV's versions since 3.0. Changes the way we encode the values in index blocks.
>     - `5`: Can be read by TiKV's versions since 6.1. Full and partitioned filters use a generally faster and more accurate Bloom filter implementation, with a different schema.
> + Default value: `2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The format version of SST files. This configuration item only affects newly written tables. For existing tables, the version information is read from the footer.
+ Optional values:
    - `0`: Can be read by all TiKV versions. The default checksum type is CRC32 and this version does not support changing the checksum type.
    - `1`: Can be read by all TiKV versions. Supports non-default checksum types like xxHash. RocksDB only writes data when the checksum type is not CRC32. (version `0` is automatically upgraded)
    - `2`: Can be read by all TiKV versions. Changes the encoding of compressed blocks using LZ4, BZip2 and Zlib compression.
    - `3`: Can be read by TiKV v2.1 and later versions. Changes the encoding of the keys in index blocks.
    - `4`: Can be read by TiKV v3.0 and later versions. Changes the encoding of the values in index blocks.
    - `5`: Can be read by TiKV v6.1 and later versions. Full and partitioned filters use a generally faster and more accurate Bloom filter implementation with a different schema.
+ Default value: `2`
```
